# SwaggerAPI

⚙ What is the technical challenge? We're looking for professionals who are very familiar with the stack we're using. As this is a Backend engineer test, you are tasked with implementing an OpenAPI (formerly Swagger) compliant web service that abstracts away two downstream APIs; the Chuck Norris API and the Star Wars API. Your API should do the following:
 You should develop an OpenAPI compliant API  Your API should have 3 root paths:  /chuck  /swapi  /search  It should have an endpoint at /chuck/categories which returns the result of https://api.chucknorris.io/jokes/categories (all the joke categories)  It should have an endpoint at /swapi/people which returns the result of https://swapi.dev/api/people/ (all the Star Wars people)  Finally, the /search endpoint should call both the https://api.chucknorris.io/jokes/search?query={query} and the https://swapi.dev/api/people/?search={query} when queried in order to simultaneously search both the Chuck Norris and Star Wars API. The response should also contain metadata which indicates which API the result belongs to.  The /search endpoint should accept query data as a query string 
👮 What are the requirements? For this application, you should, at the least: An OpenAPI compliant API, you can use any packages or libraries
Backend Engineer Test Chuck/Swapi/C#) 3
Create a C# .NET Core based server (any framework/boilerplate can be used) Push your solution to a public Git repository along with detailed instructions on how to bootsrap your service within the README Ensure that a link to your submission are emailed to us
Optionally, services such as CodeSandbox, Heroku, AWS, DO etc. may be used to demo your build.
✅ How will you be scored? This test we feel allows you to express your resourcefulness with many Fullstack elements. It is for this reason we have left it pretty open. Aspects to note: A lot of emphasis will be on your familiarity with modern C# and Dotnet development, tooling and techniques Most best-practices and standards should be portrayed in your file organization, methods, naming conventions etc. Your ability to execute the required task
💅 Are there any other considerations? Again, use this test as an opportunity to express yourself. Here are some of the things we use and like - only to keep in mind, of course 😄 We like Git We believe in a DevOps culture We believe in quality code (think tests) We always consider responsiveness We always go above and beyond We like all the new GraphQL things (think Prisma, Hasura etc.)
Backend Engineer Test Chuck/Swapi/C#) 4
We value security, strongly We like Serverless We like containerisation We like clean code
🔒 Closing Thank you for taking the time to complete this test. We look forward to your submission. If you have any feedback, please feel free to share it with us. As we are continuously improving our hiring process.
